.TH "NEAT_PyGenetics.NEAT.GenomeStructures.SimulationStructure.SimulationGenome.SimulationGenome" 3 "Wed Apr 6 2016" "NEAT_PyGenetics" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
NEAT_PyGenetics.NEAT.GenomeStructures.SimulationStructure.SimulationGenome.SimulationGenome \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits Generic, and GenomeStructure\&.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__init__\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBoutput\fP (self)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBcalculate_step\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcycle_nodes\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBhidden_layer\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcloses_circle\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsource\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtarget\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBvalue\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.PP
.nf
The SimulationGenome is a structural representation of a genome's genepool.
It is optimized for the purpose of simulating a neural network and is gene-
rated from a given StorageGenome.

Attributes:
    _gene_repository:
        Access to information about the node ids in the StorageGenome
    _output:
        Contains the results of the last calculation process.
    _input_layer:
        A set of Nodes as the input layer. These are identical in number and
         ids with the input ids in the StorageGenome.
    _output_layer:
        A set of Nodes as the output layer. These are identical in number
        and ids with the output ids in the StorageGenome.
    _hidden_layer:
        A hidden layer. This consists of a list of nodes which are calcula-
        ted in the order of the list. This list is taken from the topologi-
        cally sorted node list in the given StorageGenome's AnalysisResult.
        So to ensure a functioning neural network, that list has to be cor-
        rect.
    _cycle_nodes:
        A list of CycleNodes, topologically sorted (like the hidden layer).
        These are nodes that have outgoing links that close a cycle. These
        nodes have to be treated separately, because the cycle closing edges
        have to be calculated first. For this initial calculation the last
        calculation value is used as the outgoing base value. If the genome
        was not simulated yet. a default value is used as the initial value.

Usage:
    insert StorageGenome
    call calculate_step
    have fun

.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 13 of file SimulationGenome\&.py\&.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def NEAT_PyGenetics\&.NEAT\&.GenomeStructures\&.SimulationStructure\&.SimulationGenome\&.SimulationGenome\&.output ( self,  Dict,  str,  Fraction)"

.PP
.nf
:return: Dict of the output nodes' values of the form label:value

.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 142 of file SimulationGenome\&.py\&.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for NEAT_PyGenetics from the source code\&.
