.TH "NEAT_PyGenetics.NEAT.GenomeStructures.StorageStructure.StorageGenome.StorageGenome" 3 "Wed Apr 6 2016" "NEAT_PyGenetics" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
NEAT_PyGenetics.NEAT.GenomeStructures.StorageStructure.StorageGenome.StorageGenome \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits object\&.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__init__\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__eq__\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgenome_id\fP (self)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBis_alive\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBfitness\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBinputs\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBoutputs\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgenes\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBanalysis_result\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcluster\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.PP
.nf
A data structure for storing genome information in a
compact way.

Attributes:
    genome_id (_id):
        The Genome's ID, unique in the population.
    inputs:
        A list of the ids of the input nodes. There has to be at least
        one gene per input that is connected to it. Represented as a list
        of tuples of the form (Input_Label, Node-ID).
    outputs:
        A list of the ids of the output nodes. There has to be at least
        one gene per output that is connected to it. Represented as a list
        of tuples of the form (Output_Label, Node-ID).
    genes:
        A list of all genes, that make up the genome. Presented as a tu-
        ple of Gene-ID, a boolean that is true, if the gene is disabled
        and a Fraction that stores the weight of the gene.
    analysis_result:
        A result object that is generated when analyzing the genome.
        This is empty per default.
    cluster:
        The cluster to which the Genome belongs.

.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 10 of file StorageGenome\&.py\&.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for NEAT_PyGenetics from the source code\&.
