.TH "NEAT_PyGenetics.NEAT.Director.MainDirector.MainDirector" 3 "Wed Apr 6 2016" "NEAT_PyGenetics" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
NEAT_PyGenetics.NEAT.Director.MainDirector.MainDirector \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits Director\&.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__init__\fP (self, kwargs)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBidle\fP (self)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBdynamic_init\fP (self)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBinit_db\fP (self)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBrun\fP (self)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgenerate_new_genomes\fP (self)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBcrossbreed_clusters\fP (self)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBanalyze_and_insert\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBcalculate_cluster_offspring\fP (self)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBdiscard_genomes\fP (self)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBdiscard_clusters\fP (self)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBperform_simulation_io\fP (self)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBcompute_genome_outputs\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBupdate_fitness_values\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBinit_population\fP (self)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmode\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBselector\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBdecision_maker\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBbreeder\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmutator\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBanalyst\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBclusterer\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsimulator\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsimulation_connector\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBdatabase_connector\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgene_repository\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgenome_repository\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcluster_repository\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBconfig\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBresults\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBstorage_genome\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBoutputs\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 26 of file MainDirector\&.py\&.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def NEAT_PyGenetics\&.NEAT\&.Director\&.MainDirector\&.MainDirector\&.__init__ ( self,  kwargs)"

.PP
.nf
:param kwargs:
    - mode:
- exit: exits the program, default action if nothing is provided.
- new: creates a new database for a given simulation. requires parame-
 ter simulation to be set.
- load: loads a database for a given simulation. requires parameter
 simulation to be set.
    - simulation: the name of the simulation that should be used. must cor-
      respond to a module name in Simulation.
:return:

.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 27 of file MainDirector\&.py\&.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def NEAT_PyGenetics\&.NEAT\&.Director\&.MainDirector\&.MainDirector\&.calculate_cluster_offspring ( self)"

.PP
.nf
Calculates fitness values and offspring for clusters.
:return:

.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 275 of file MainDirector\&.py\&.
.SS "def NEAT_PyGenetics\&.NEAT\&.Director\&.MainDirector\&.MainDirector\&.crossbreed_clusters ( self)"

.PP
.nf
combines two clusters by breeding genomes of both clusters
:return:

.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 251 of file MainDirector\&.py\&.
.SS "def NEAT_PyGenetics\&.NEAT\&.Director\&.MainDirector\&.MainDirector\&.discard_clusters ( self)"

.PP
.nf
Discards a number of clusters
:return:

.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 290 of file MainDirector\&.py\&.
.SS "def NEAT_PyGenetics\&.NEAT\&.Director\&.MainDirector\&.MainDirector\&.discard_genomes ( self)"

.PP
.nf
discards a number of genomes
:return:

.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 282 of file MainDirector\&.py\&.
.SS "def NEAT_PyGenetics\&.NEAT\&.Director\&.MainDirector\&.MainDirector\&.dynamic_init ( self)"

.PP
.nf
Initializes all parts of NEAT that are dependent upon
the client.

.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 91 of file MainDirector\&.py\&.
.SS "def NEAT_PyGenetics\&.NEAT\&.Director\&.MainDirector\&.MainDirector\&.generate_new_genomes ( self)"

.PP
.nf
Regenerates the population by selecting genomes for
mutation / breeding, running the generation process and performing analysis.
:return:

.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 225 of file MainDirector\&.py\&.
.SS "def NEAT_PyGenetics\&.NEAT\&.Director\&.MainDirector\&.MainDirector\&.idle ( self)"

.PP
.nf
Standard method that will be executed if local startup is done.
In this state, the Director will wait for the client.

.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 72 of file MainDirector\&.py\&.
.SS "def NEAT_PyGenetics\&.NEAT\&.Director\&.MainDirector\&.MainDirector\&.run ( self)"

.PP
.nf
The main function where the simulation is run, new
genomes are created and discarded
This is where the evolutionary magic happens.

.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 167 of file MainDirector\&.py\&.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for NEAT_PyGenetics from the source code\&.
